[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna explore the chaotic void of
our minds with the 1997 sci-fi horror
film event horizon let's get to it we
open on an age-old classic reading just
what we prefer in our visual media it's
telling a quaint tale of the event
horizon an exploratory ship that
disappeared just beyond Neptune oh wait
there it is they take this opportunity
to show how far video toasters have
advanced since Jurassic Park and that is
some good-looking zero-gravity to try
this if I've ever seen it we then
transitioned to the Lewis and Clark a
rescue ship on a secret mission staffed
by your typical space jockey meathead
crew they're all preparing to go into
stasis for the long journey to Neptune
we focus in on dr. weird designer of the
event horizon waking up in the midst of
a nightmare before waking up again in
real life as they all come out of stasis
they immediately set to the task of
character building into exposition
doctor we're finally tells them why
they're on a trip to Neptune because
apparently they're so cynical of space
travel that's not cool enough just to
visit Neptune for its own sake they're
there on a salvage mission for the event
horizon a ship they all understand who
have disappeared years ago they have to
salvage it for its gravity drive which
allows the ship to fold space-time and
engage in deep space travel
now back from parts unknown they have to
figure out what happened but with only a
short recording to start with hey he
sounds great when they missile into the
turbulent atmosphere they get back to
business and the weird talks about the
ship like it's a damn Velociraptor
they do a quick scan only finding trace
signs of life but all over the ship
verifying its relative cleanliness they
begin docking in a semi erotic fashion
and then the boarding crew goes to
secure the ship it appears to be empty
allowing them the luxury of appreciating
the Gothic aesthetic and funhouse tunnel
they attempt to pull the most recent
ship log reassuring us all that physical
media will be alive and well in the
future they managed to find one body
from the original crew while Justin is
seduced by the gravity Drive and forced
to gaze into the abyss confronting man's
an existential insignificance in the
face of an endless cold violent void
this ends up creating some feedback that
catastrophic ly damages the Lewis and
Clark forcing the crew to transition to
the event horizon they bring it online
and then debrief no communications
available and limited breathable air
which gives them a time limit on fixing
the Clark and figuring out why justin
has become so morose Peters works on
cleaning up the log while keeping an eye
on Justin she's distracted by a noise
and investigates it only to be greeted
by a vision of her son with some gnarly
scabies on his legs
they then experience a power dip from
the core activating itself and have to
run off to fix it this causes Justin's
rabies to flare up and results in dr.
Weir having his own disturbing vision
Miller is waiting outside and sees that
the service in the water as well which
ends up being Burning Man they consult
the medical technician DJ who insults
them all by suggesting they've had
hallucinations they're far too rational
for that you see as they slowly succumb
to their base emotions the level of
their hissy fits grows worse we've got
to figure this out stark suggests that
the ship is overtaken by a life-form and
is having antibody reactions to their
presence but Miller's got no time for
sci-fi nonsense things quiet down again
momentarily until Peters goes on another
Vision Quest but this time they're all
affected and dr. Weir learns about self
control they find Justin in the airlock
and try to get him to come back inside
he makes like he's gonna listen to him
but then sykes them out in the prank of
the century he immediately regrets his
decision however when he realizes the
consequences only really impact him he
tries to hold in his fluids but they're
coming out of every hole meanwhile
Miller gets on course to intercept and
manages to get him back on board and
only 80% dead good work crew they
continue to look for answers but are
unable to find any Miller then explains
his hallucination which is based on a
time he was unable to save a crew member
from a space fire
DJ then confirms the earlier recording
they found has a distinctive Latin
phrase that requests save yes
from then they both get goose pimples
and agree how spooky this all is when
word comes in the repairs are done they
pressurized the Clark and have to patch
a small hole but are otherwise good to
go they get done cleaning up the video
and take a peek only to discover the
crew had spent their last minutes doing
a fan reenactment of the movie solo now
determined to get off the ship
immediately lest they be seduced into
the despicable act of group sex they
start taking what they need and heading
back to the park we're is sensitive
about saving the event horizon but
Miller unwisely confirms his intent to
blow this [ __ ] causing things to get
somewhat intense with Daddy we're and
resulting in an aggressive response by
the ship we're then gives a strong
indication of his loyalties as a result
Peters gets lured with a vision of her
son that causes her to take a long walk
off a short bridge and ragdoll her way
down to the catwalk below Smith is
finishing his prep at the Clark when he
sees we're acting strange
he calls it in to Miller who notices one
of the emergency explosives is missing
and recommends Smith fake aid having
never really been a fan of the horizons
Smith tries to save the Clark by looking
for the bomb but doesn't find it in time
or just in time depending on your
perspective
Miller puts out an APB for Weir and DJ
decides to take on this responsibility
and despite his initial enthusiasm he
almost instantly fails we're plays
operation with his body with magnificent
results Miller isn't on the hunt for
Weir and in the process fine Stark and
we're hey you look great guy that's
fantastic we're confirms the new plan is
to go back to the chaos dimension
removing any remaining doubt he's team
event horizon they take a crack at it
but he starts popping off rivets
depressurizing the command room and
leading to one of these classic indoor
tornado scenes that we're also familiar
with it goes exactly as you'd expect
there's an unexpected airlock alert
which ends up just being Cooper back
from a spacewalk
now together they have to blow the
safety explosives to separate the
lifeboat from the rest of the ship and
get away from the gravity drive as they
prep the crew is menaced with puddles of
blood confirming that Starks most
traumatic experience was watching The
Shining as a kid they're ready to go but
Miller finds himself face-to-face with
the gravity Drive when we're shows back
up they have the standard conversation
about sacrifice and despair whether the
other is going to make it out and if it
matters etc we or shows him some sights
but Miller has stalled long enough to
complete the countdown allowing them to
blow the joint this saves Cooper stark
and Justin but dams Miller to hell 72
days later after another waking
nightmare we find that they've been
discovered and rescue
or half they and the credits roll to
music that could have only existed
within a small window of time in 1997
[Music]
and that was event horizon and often
overlooked sci-fi horror movie that
turned out way better than it seems
possible on paper if you enjoyed the
video I'd love for you to become a part
of the channel by subscribing thanks for
watching
[Music]